Coinjoin: add blame round (#1413)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/CoinJoin.md

The signing phase ends when the coordinator has received all the valid signatures for all the registered inputs.

### Blame round

> When the signing phase fails from becoming succesful duo to some Alices disrupting the round (failing to sign or send the signature to the coordinator), then the succesful Alices will continue into a blame round.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the signing phase fails from becoming succesful due to some Alices disrupting the round (failing to sign or send the signature to the coordinator), then the succesful Alices will continue into a blame round.
```

> When the signing phase fails from becoming succesful due to some Alices disrupting the round (failing to sign or send the signature to the coordinator), then the succesful Alices will continue into a blame round.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the signing phase fails due to some Alices disrupting the round (failing to sign or send the signature to the coordinator), then the successful Alices will continue into a blame round.
```

> The blame round will redo the coinjoin phases in order to create a succesful coinjoin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The blame round will redo the coinjoin phases in order to create a successful transaction.
```

> Only succesfully registered coins are allowed into the new blame round, so this also prevents coinjoins from being DDoS-ed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Only successfully registered coins are allowed into the new blame round, so this also prevents coinjoins from being DDoS-ed.
```

> The client will keep going to the blame round until there is none.

Author: I copied the comment https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/blob/master/WalletWasabi/WabiSabi/Client/CoinJoinClient.cs#L172

> The client will keep going to the blame round until there is none.

Author: improved it, thanks
